Product name. (#24)
eProsima/Micro-XRCE-DDS-docs: docs/optimization.rst

   but for the majority of purposes, only one stream of either best effort or reliable can be used.

2. The history of a reliable streams is used for recovering from lost messages and speeding up the communication.

>    For output streams, more history value will allow writing and send more messages without wait confirmation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For output streams, more history value will allow writing and sending more messages without waiting confirmation.
```
